[Intro]
[What is your favourite font? What font describes your personality?]
So I seem to have a favourite font or colour, like every six months to a year. Um, right now my favorite font is Petrona.
So it's a serif, it's professional yet modern. It's got a little bit of personality. Uh, it's variable. So, um, very easy to work with as well.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
So I wasn't necessarily inspired to pursue graphic design, it’s something that I kind of was actually pushed into by someone I know.
I had been wanting to go back to school and I had a little bit of history taking psychology and business, and it just wasn't for me.
So I ended up working in retail management for quite a few years and then finally applied for graphic design.
So even going into it, I, I still wasn't really sure about it, but after only a few classes, I started to understand what graphic design truly was about
and the ability to solve problems and create purposeful design. And, um, I'm really happy to have found it.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
I do enjoy a lot of different, you know, hobbies and passions. Um, I like doing stuff outside, uh, like gardening and, uh, this year I picked up cross country skiing.
I'm also really excited for the gyms to open back up ‘cause I had really gotten into, um, weightlifting. Um, I like cooking and making healthy recipes.
Um, but I guess the thing that is maybe most design-related is I really like nature and macro photography.
So I just think it's nice to capture the the really small details and, um, the things that maybe a lot of people miss.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
On a surface level, I'd say I'm inspired by uh, other designers work that I see on Dribble, or Behance, or Instagram, even.
I think there's a lot of really great and influential work out there. Um, but as a whole, I'm influenced by the designs that I see out in the wild,
um, from a, you know, user experience standpoint, when you’re using something or going somewhere and it just, there's a friction point.
And now for me, I'm able to understand that that's a friction point. And so I catch myself thinking about how it could be better designed.
And, uh, so I do base some of my projects around those types of things. And then, um, on the other hand, you know,
you see good design out there and you take note of why it's a good design, why it's worked and just appreciate it for what it is.
[Outro]